Translate documentation to 🇬🇧 (#36)
europace/kex-vorgang-update-api: README.md

| Error Code | Message               | Description                     |
|------------|-----------------------|---------------------------------|
| 401        | Unauthorized          | Authentication failed           |
| 403        | Forbidden             | The API client misses a scope   |
| 415        | Unsupported MediaType | The wrong content type was used |

#### GraphQL Errors

| Error Code | Message     | Description                                                                                    |
|------------|-------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 400        | Bad Request | Request format is invalid (mandatory fields are missing, wrong parameter names or values, ...) |
| 403        | Forbidden   | The authenticated user does not have sufficient rights                                         |
| 404        | Not Found   | The Vorgang does not exist                                                                     |
| 410        | Gone        | The Vorgang was deleted in the meantime                                                        |

## Update data of Antragsteller

### Hints

> * The Vorgang has to be aktiv, which means it must not be archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Vorgang has to be active, which means it must not be archived.
```

Reviewer: Oder ist das hier ein "technical term"

Author: ich habe das jetzt nochmal neu verfasst, wollte das schon als technical term drin haben, war aber unverständlich. ist es so besser?

Reviewer: Passt - find ich gut so :)

* The authenticated user has to be the Bearbeiter of the Vorgang.

> * The `antragstellerId` has correspond to an Antragsteller in the Vorgang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `antragstellerId` refers to an existing Antragsteller within the Vorgang.
```

Reviewer: Nur ein Vorschlag - es geht auch deine Variante ;) 
Edit: Müsste dann wahrscheinlich bei allen Blöcken angepasst werden, von daher kann es gern ignoriert werden. :)

Author: ```suggestion
* The `antragstellerId` has torefer to an existing Antragsteller in the Vorgang.
```

# KEX-Vorgang-Update-API

> ⚠️ You'll find German domain-specific terms in the documentation, for translations and further explanations please refer to our [glossary](https://docs.api.europace.de/common/glossary/)

> > Die alten Update-Endpunkte sind [hier](#legacy-update-apis) dokumentiert.

Author: wird vorher durch #35 gelöscht

      "errors": []
    }

### Update Beschäftigung

**updateBeschaeftigung** ( vorgangsnummer: String!, antragstellerId: String!, beschaeftigung: [Beschaeftigung](#beschaeftigung)! ) -> [BasicResponse](#basicresponse)!

> This mutation is for updating the [Beschaeftigung](#beschaeftigung) for an Antragsteller of a Vorgang.

#### Hints

> * The [Beschaeftigung](#beschaeftigung) is only taking one Beschäftigungsart into acocunt and uses only the corresponding fields for the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Beschaeftigung](#beschaeftigung) is only taking one Beschäftigungsart into account and uses only the corresponding fields for the update.
```

## Response-Datentypen

> > If we do server-side adapions of the data to ensure a valid dataset, we add hints to the `messages` field of the response. These are purely to inform the client, there are NEVER any errors in the `messages` field. Errors will be only shown in the `errors` field of the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If we do server-side adaptions of the data to ensure a valid dataset, we add hints to the `messages` field of the response. These are purely to inform the client, there are NEVER any errors in the `messages` field. Errors will be only shown in the `errors` field of the response.
```
